frontend/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: implement authentication context and JWT handling
- Added AuthProvider and useAuth hook for managing user authentication state.
- Implemented JWT signing and verification functions.
- Created middleware for protecting routes and redirecting users based on authentication status.
- Integrated user login/logout functionality in Navbar and DashboardShell components.
- Updated UI components to reflect user authentication state.
- Added Prisma schema for User model and set up database connection.
- Enhanced button components with cursor pointer styles.
- Refactored HeroSection and TokenCard components for improved user experience.

frontend/README.md, after:

# CarbonLedgerID Frontend

Next.js app with a simple role-based auth flow wired to Prisma. Use this as a simulation layer until you plug in the real wallet and network.

## Setup
1) Copy envs: `cp .env.example .env.local` and set `DATABASE_URL` to your Supabase PostgreSQL URL.  
2) Install deps: `npm install` (already run once, but rerun if needed).  
3) Generate client and push schema: `npx prisma generate && npx prisma db push`.  
4) Dev server: `npm run dev` (http://localhost:3000).

## Auth API
- `POST /api/auth/register`  
  Body: `{ email, password, role: "company" | "regulator", companyName?, walletAddress? }`  
  Company accounts require `companyName` and `walletAddress`.

- `POST /api/auth/login`  
  Body: `{ email, password }`

Responses include `{ message, user }` or `{ error }`. This is a basic email/password flow using bcrypt; add proper session/JWT handling if you need persistent login.

## What is simulated vs. real
- Wallet connect is simulated via the company sign-in/register button; it stores the wallet address in the database but does not perform a chain signature yet.  
- Dashboard buttons are wired visually; connect them to your real contract calls once your Hardhat deploy + ABIs are ready.

## Cursor + UX tweaks
All buttons now use `cursor-pointer`, the navbar exposes a visible `Sign In` entry, and the hero section links directly to `/dashboard` and `/auth`.
